Some suggestions for the Principles documention (#1184)
OGGM/oggm: docs/flowlines.rst

At this stage, the centerlines are still not fully suitable
for modelling. Therefore, a rather simple
procedure converts them to "flowlines", which
now have a regular grid spacing (which they will
keep for the rest of the workflow). The tail of the tributaries are cut
of before reaching the flowline they are tributing to:

.. ipython:: python

    @savefig plot_fls_flowlines.png width=80%
    graphics.plot_centerlines(gdir, use_flowlines=True)

> This step is needed to avoid sections along the flowline to be accounted for twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is needed to better represent glacier widths at flowline junctions.
```
